feat: make it possible to add dependencies to rendering of models (#239)
asyncapi/modelina: docs/presets.md

] });
```

## Adding new dependencies

> Each preset hook has the possibility of adding its own dependencies that needs to be rendered. It can be done through the `renderer` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Each preset hook has the possibility of adding its own dependencies that needs to be rendered for the given model. It can be done through the `addDependency` function from `renderer` property.
```
